Bug-1864284 Allow localhost access for temporary MV3 add-ons (#42410)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy/index.md

- The {{CSP("object-src")}} keyword may be required, see [object-src directive](#object-src_directive) for details.
- Directives that reference code – {{CSP("script-src")}}, {{CSP("script-src-elem")}}, {{CSP("worker-src")}}, and {{CSP("default-src")}} (if used as a fallback) – share the same secure source requirement. There are no restrictions on CSP directives that cover non-script content, such as {{CSP("img-src")}}.

> In Manifest V3, all CSP sources that refer to external or non-static content are forbidden. The only permitted values are `'none'`, `'self'`, and `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. However, during development, you can access the localhost for unpacked extensions from Chrome 110 and temporarily loaded extensions from Firefox 147 by setting the origin as `localhost` or `127.0.0.1`.

Reviewer: Could you shorten the new addition and link to the new section in the other article? We only need to mention the option, the other section can be used to explain how to do so, along with details on the constraints.

Author: @Rob--W while I would usually err on the side of avoiding "documenting everything everywhere". However, forcing someone to follow a link for more information when the relevant information can be stated in one sentence and the linked content doesn't say much more seems unnecessary. I've added a for more information link here and for the comment around line 168. Github wouldn't let me apply your second suggestion as, for some reason, it considers the line to be deleted.

<img width="958" height="473" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c37c1d86-4d78-46b3-b666-dd17514668a2" />

> In Manifest V3, all CSP sources that refer to external or non-static content are forbidden. The only permitted values are `'none'`, `'self'`, and `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. However, during development, you can access the localhost for unpacked extensions from Chrome 110 and temporarily loaded extensions from Firefox 147 by setting the origin as `localhost` or `127.0.0.1`. See [Scripts from localhost](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#scripts_from_localhost) in Content Security Policy for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Manifest V3, all CSP sources that refer to external or non-static content are forbidden in CSP directives covering script content. The only permitted values are `'none'`, `'self'`, and `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. An exception exists for scripts from localhost during development; see [Scripts from localhost](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#scripts_from_localhost) in Content Security Policy for more information.
```

Edit:
- change the overly broad "are forbidden" to "are forbidden in CSP directives covering script content". This issue existed before, I'm improving it since I'm looking at it anyway.
- "access" is broad too, it is not about access (which can also include sending a network request to that target), we are really specific about script execution in extension contexts.
- Cut most of the text and point to the single article. We don't want to encourage allowing localhost; we just want to mention the possibility and refer to the single place for more information. Also, "localhost" and "127.0.0.1" are technically not origins, but domains at best.

Author: ```suggestion
In Manifest V3, all CSP sources that refer to external or non-static content are forbidden in CSP directives covering script content. The only permitted values are `'none'`, `'self'`, and `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. There is an exception for scripts from localhost during development; see [Scripts from localhost](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#scripts_from_localhost) in Content Security Policy for more information.
```

  "content_security_policy": "script-src 'self' https://*.jquery.com; object-src 'self'"
  ```

> - Manifest V3 does not allow remote URLs in `script-src` of `extension_pages`. However, the localhost can be accessed during development for unpacked extensions from Chrome 110 and temporarily loaded extensions from Firefox 147:

Reviewer: Shorten and link to the article for details.

```suggestion
- Manifest V3 does not allow remote URLs in `script-src` of `extension_pages`. An exception exists for localhost during debugging, see [Scripts from localhost at Content Security Policy](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#scripts_from_localhost).
```
